ABOUT
    This package contains the 'watch' command line program
    from the 'procps' Linux utilities package, slightly
    modified and tweaked to run on Mac OS X by Sveinbjorn
    Thordarson <sveinbt@hi.is>.

COMPATIBILITY

    This package has been tested on Mac OS X 10.3 and 10.4,
    but should in theory work on any Mac OS X installation
    which includes the ncurses library.

INSTALLATION

    In order to install this program, you should run the
    following commands from the source directory:

    make
    sudo make install

    The default installation path is /usr/local/bin/ for the
    'watch' application binary, and /usr/share/man/man1 for 
    the 'watch' manpage.  /usr/local/bin is not included in
    the default Mac OS X path, so you may have to add it to
    your shell initialization script (typically, ~/.profile)
    To change the installation paths, you must edit the 
    Makefile manually.

PACKAGING

    If you are a downstream maintainer (packager) of any sort,
    please avoid causing troubles. This section applies to you.

    Send patches in regularly. Many patches made by vendors have been buggy,
    some quite severely so. Sending in a patch will at least get it reviewed,
    if not included. There is a procps test suite that must be passed.
    Forward all bug reports. If your bug database is public and busy enough
    to bother with, please make this known. Follow Debian's lead in making
    the bug database easy to comment on via email w/o need for an account.

    Do not change the user interface. Many of the programs are intended to be
    compatible with Solaris, FreeBSD, AIX, IRIX, Tru64, and the UNIX standard.
    Your nice new command options WILL BE BROKEN as needed to ensure that
    procps remains compatible with the rest of the world. Sysadmins hate to
    deal with incompatible behavior. If you need a new option, ask for it.

    For normal packages, ensure that you do not add debugging flags
    to the CFLAGS variable. If debugging flags are present, the Makefile
    will avoid adding several optimizations that would interfere with gdb.

    There should be no need to modify the Makefile. You can set variables
    on the "make" command line or use "make -e" to pass variables from
    the environment.

BUG REPORTS

    For bugs relating to this particular package, email Sveinbjorn Thordarson <sveinbt@hi.is>
    Debian users should use the Debian bug tracking system.
    Email to albert@users.sf.net or csmall@debian.org or
    procps-feedback@lists.sf.net will also work.
